MINOR: remove the 3 in CSS (#19421)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_after/index.md

::after
```

> > **Note:** CSS Selectors Level 3 introduced the `::after` notation (with two colons) to distinguish [pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) from [pseudo-elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements). Browsers also accept `:after`, introduced in CSS2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** CSS introduced the `::after` notation (with two colons) to distinguish [pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) from [pseudo-elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements). For backward compatibility, browsers also accept `:after`, introduced earlier.
```
